education toolkit V2 (#34)
huggingface/education-toolkit: README.md

👋 **Welcome!**

> We’ve assembled a toolkit that anyone can use to easily prepare workshops, events, homework or classes. The content is self-contained so that it can be easily taken over. This content is **free** and uses well-known Open Source technologies (`transformers`, `gradio`, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve assembled a toolkit that anyone can use to easily prepare workshops, events, homework or classes. The content is self-contained so that it can be easily incorporated in other material. This content is **free** and uses well-known Open Source technologies (`transformers`, `gradio`, etc).
```

> We’ve assembled a toolkit that Hugging Face ambassadors can use to easily prepare workshops, events, labs or classes. The content is self-contained so that it can be easily taken over. This content is **free** and uses well-known Open Source technologies (`transformers`, `gradio`, etc).

Reviewer: I think we wanted both ambassadors and instructors to use this. Maybe let's just say "that anyone can use to..." and then this can be aimed for any audience

Author: Ok so will could have => 

We’ve assembled an education toolkit that anyone can use to easily prepare workshops, events, labs or classes. The content is self-contained so that it can be easily taken over. This content is **free** and uses well-known Open Source technologies (`transformers`, `gradio`, etc).
